READ ME:

Files that are being turned in:
    index.php:
        Only used to automatically redirect user to lab.php.
    lab4.php:
        Contains the Welcome Screen and header.php + footer.php.
    signup.php:
        Contains the signup form.
    login.php:
        Contains the login form.
    mailer.php:
        Is the script, run by the cron job in the operating system, that checks wether
        to send a message based on the time that it was set to send. Will send only if
        the current time is equal to or greater than the 'send' time. Also updates database
        sent value so that previous messages don't get resent.
    lab4.css:
        The styling of the webpages.
    autoEmailer.php:
        Contains page content for the send email message form.
    PHPMailer Library
        sendMail.php:
            Is called out by 'mailer.php' to integrate with the PHPMailer library and
            actually send out the email.
    lab4.mysql:
        Contains the database Content.
    include:
        header.php:
            Contains the Meta data, like session variables, and the Nav bar information. 
        footer.php:
            Contains the bottom of the webpage.
        functionBank.php:
            Contains all the functions for error handling, logging in users, signing up users,
            and password encryption with added  autogenerating salting.
        login-include.php:
            Used for aquiring the variables from the login form, calling out the error
            handling functions and finally logging in the user.
        signup-include.php:
            Used for aquiring the variables from the sign up form, calling out the error
            handling functions and finally signing up the user.
        logout-include.php:
            Used to get rid of all the session variables and destroy session. Then send user
            to the welcome page.
        db-include.php:
            Contains all the database connection data.
        autoEmailer-include.php:
            Used for aquiring the variables from the autoEmailer message form, calling
            out the error handling functions and finally sending all that data into
            the database to be handled by the mailer.php.



Completion:
The project is fully complete.

Bugs:
None found yet.